the following report contains some
disturbing
images this is one of many cases
Palestinians want the UN to
investigate International activists
searching for the dead and the wounded
during a brief
ceasefire in the green t-shirt a
22-year-old local man Salam shamali
looking for relatives
a shot rings out apparently from an
Israeli sniper Salam was hit but was
still calling out still alive after two
more shots he was
dead um things changed drastically
British activist Reena andolini is the
woman in the video an eyewitness to The
Killing I mean I've never seen anyone
pretty much just shot dead in front of
me um and no reason you know um no
reason whatsoever young lad just waned
to look for his family clearly
distressed as anyone would be in that
situation you know you go to find your
family and you end up
dead where's the
Justice in hospital we found salam's
Uncle Nasser who was injured a week
later he told us Israeli soldiers forced
their way into his home and an officer
shot him at close
range his face was painted he says but
I'd know him anywhere from his
eyes while there are growing allegations
against Israel it claims civilians here
have been used by militants as human
Shields but so far there's been no
evidence of that during this conflict
Palestinian militants have kept a low
profile avoiding the cameras but we know
that at times they have operated from
civilian areas a rocket was fired from
this waste ground about 10 days ago
there was no ceasefire at the time but
you can see that just across the road
there are people living in these
apartments these images were filmed by
Indian TV just up the
road they appear to show militants
firing Rockets near their hotel Hamas is
accused of breaking international law
by firing its Rockets indiscriminately
into Israel Hamas says it's fighting
Israel's
occupation back in the rubble salam's
mother is calling on Hamas to avenge her
son who was about to graduate from
college the Israeli Army told us it
cannot verify any of the circumstances
in the video but is reviewing the case
it says it does not Target civilians in
in any
circumstances origan BBC news Gaza